#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via ray
alembic==1.11.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
ansi2html==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-dash
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ray
    #   visions
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.6.2
    # via flask
catboost==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
category-encoders==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   ray
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   pycaret
cmaes==0.9.1
    # via optuna
colorlog==6.7.0
    # via optuna
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
cython==0.29.34
    # via pmdarima
dash==2.9.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   plotly-resampler
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via dash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via dash
databricks-cli==0.17.7
    # via mlflow
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via sktime
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via pycaret
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docker==6.1.2
    # via mlflow
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.0
    # via
    #   ray
    #   virtualenv
flask==2.3.2
    # via
    #   dash
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   mlflow
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
fonttools==4.39.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.31
    # via mlflow
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.51.3
    # via ray
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via mlflow
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via ydata-profiling
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
imageio==2.28.1
    # via scikit-image
imbalanced-learn==0.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
importlib-metadata==6.6.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   pycaret
ipykernel==6.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   pycaret
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.7.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   pycaret
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pycaret
    #   ydata-profiling
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   phik
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scikit-plot
jsonargparse==4.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   ray
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-dash==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   plotly-resampler
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via pycaret
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.2
    # via scikit-image
lightgbm==3.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
llvmlite==0.40.0
    # via numba
mako==1.2.4
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   pycaret
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   phik
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-plot
    #   seaborn
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mlflow==1.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via ray
multidict==6.0.4
    # via yarl
multimethod==1.9.1
    # via
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pycaret
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   visions
notebook==6.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbclassic
numba==0.57.0
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
numpy==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   cmaes
    #   contourpy
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   pywavelets
    #   ray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tifffile
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   visions
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via databricks-cli
optuna==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.8.12
    # via plotly-resampler
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   docker
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   optuna
    #   plotly
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboardx
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   mlflow
    #   phik
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   ray
    #   seaborn
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   ydata-profiling
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.3
    # via ydata-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   visions
platformdirs==3.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.14.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   dash
    #   plotly-resampler
    #   pycaret
plotly-resampler==0.8.3.2
    # via pycaret
pmdarima==2.0.3
    # via
    #   pycaret
    #   tbats
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   prometheus-flask-exporter
prometheus-flask-exporter==0.22.4
    # via mlflow
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   ray
    #   tensorboardx
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   pycaret
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyaml==23.5.9
    # via scikit-optimize
pycaret==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via ydata-profiling
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyjwt==2.7.0
    # via databricks-cli
pyod==1.0.9
    # via pycaret
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jsonargparse
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
    #   pyaml
    #   ray
    #   ydata-profiling
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
ray[tune]==2.4.0
    # via tune-sklearn
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-dash
    #   mlflow
    #   pycaret
    #   ray
    #   ydata-profiling
retrying==1.3.4
    # via jupyter-dash
schemdraw==0.16
    # via pycaret
scikit-base==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sktime
scikit-image==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   tbats
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   yellowbrick
scikit-optimize==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-plot==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
scipy==1.9.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   imagehash
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   lightgbm
    #   mlflow
    #   phik
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-optimize
    #   scikit-plot
    #   sktime
    #   statsmodels
    #   tbats
    #   tune-sklearn
    #   xgboost
    #   ydata-profiling
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ydata-profiling
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   catboost
    #   databricks-cli
    #   patsy
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   retrying
sktime==0.18.0
    # via pycaret
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.13
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   optuna
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via mlflow
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   pmdarima
    #   pycaret
    #   ydata-profiling
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   ray
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tbats==1.1.3
    # via pycaret
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via plotly
tensorboardx==2.6
    # via ray
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   imbalanced-learn
    #   scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.4.12
    # via scikit-image
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   optuna
    #   pycaret
    #   ydata-profiling
trace-updater==0.0.9.1
    # via plotly-resampler
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
tune-sklearn==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via ydata-profiling
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.21.0
    # via ray
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.5
    # via ydata-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.4
    # via flask
wheel==0.40.0
    # via lightgbm
widgetsnbextension==3.6.4
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via deprecated
wurlitzer==3.0.3
    # via pycaret
xgboost==1.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
xmltodict==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pycaret
yarl==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
ydata-profiling==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
yellowbrick==1.5
    # via pycaret
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
